{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red144\green1\blue18;\red245\green245\blue245;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c63922\c8235\c8235;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c96863;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34360\viewh21600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The side of a square is equal to one-fourth of its perimeter.\cf0 \strokec4  \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a semi-circle is $\\\\frac\{\\\\pi * diameter^2\}\{8\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a right triangle is the sum of its three sides.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The sum of the degrees of the internal angles of a triangle equals 180.\cf0 \strokec4  \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The arc length of a sector equals $\\\\frac\{angle\}\{360\} * (2 \\\\pi r)$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a rectangle is equal to $width * height$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a triangle equals $\\\\frac\{height * base\}\{2\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a right triangle is the product of the two sides divided by 2.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a rectangle with one side removed is equal to $2 * side1 + side2$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The circumference of the arc of a semi-circle is equal to $\\\\frac\{diameter * \\\\pi\}\{2\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The diagonal of a square is equal to $\\\\sqrt\{2\} * side$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a shape is the sum of the lengths of its sides.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 According to the sine rule for an equilateral triangle $height = \\\\frac\{\\\\sqrt\{3\}\}\{2\} * base$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a square is equal to $side * side$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The tangent of an angle in a right triangle gives the ratio between the opposite and the adjacent sides.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a circle is $\\\\pi * radius^2 = \\\\frac\{\\\\pi\}\{4\} * diameter^2$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a triangle equals (base * height) / 2.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 According to the Pythagorean theorem, the square of the hypotenuse of a right triangle is equal to the sum of the squares of the two sides.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The circumference of a semi-circle equals $diameter * (1 + \\\\frac\{\\\\pi\}\{2\})$ so the diameter can be computed as $\\\\frac\{circumference\}\{1 + \\\\frac\{\\\\pi\}\{2\}\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a square is equal to $4 * \\\\frac\{diagonal\}\{\\\\sqrt\{2\}\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 For a triangle, we know $base1 * height1 = base2 * height2$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The side of a square is equal to the square root of its area.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a parallelogram is equal to the product of two sides and the sine of the angle between them.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a square is equal to $4 * side$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 According to the Pythagorean theorem, the square of the diagonal of a rectangle is equal to the sum of the squares of the two sides.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The degree of an angle in a right triangle is the $\\\\arcsin(\\\\frac\{OppositeSide\}\{hypotenuse\})$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a trapezoid is equal to sum of both the bases and the lateral sides of the trapezoid.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a rectangle is equal to $2 * (width + height)$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a triangle equals $\\\\frac\{base * height\}\{2\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 According to the law of sines, the ratio $\\\\frac\{side\}\{\\\\sin(OppositeAngle)\}$ is fixed for every side of a triangle.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 According to the Heron's formula, the area of a triangle can be computed as $\\\\sqrt\{s(s-side1)(s-side2)(s-side3)\}$ where s is the semi-perimeter of the triangle.\cf0 \strokec4  \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a trapezoid is equal to $\\\\frac\{base1 + base2\}\{2\} * height$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 According to the law of cosines, given two sides and the angle between them in a triangle, the length of the third side can be computed as $\\\\sqrt\{side1^2 + side2^2 - 2 * side1 * side2 * \\\\cos(angle)\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a parallelogram is equal to $2 * (side1 + side2)$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a shape is the sum of the lengths of its sides.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter of a triangle is the sum of its sides.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a square is equal to $\\\\frac\{diagonal^2\}\{2\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a triangle is $\\\\frac\{height * base\}\{2\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 According to the sine rule for an equilateral triangle $height = \\\\frac\{\\\\sqrt\{3\}\}\{2\} * base$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The length of a side in a right triangle equals $hypotenuse * \\\\sin(OppositeAngle)$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a semi-circle equals $\\\\frac\{1\}\{8\}(\\\\pi * diameter^2)$ so the diameter can be computed as $\\\\sqrt\{\\\\frac\{8 * area\}\{\\\\pi\}\}$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The perimeter if a shape is the sum of the lengths of its sides.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a sector equals $\\\\frac\{angle\}\{360\} * (\\\\pi r^2)$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The area of a equilateral triangle is $\\\\frac\{\\\\sqrt\{3\}\}\{4\} * side^2$.\cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}